✏️ Fix grammar, typos, and broken links in docs (#15694)
fastapi/fastapi: docs/en/docs/reference/status.md

* 403: `status.HTTP_403_FORBIDDEN`
* etc.

> It can be convenient to quickly access HTTP (and WebSocket) status codes in your app, using autocompletion for the name without having to memorize the integer status codes.

Author: Or
```suggestion
It can be convenient to quickly access HTTP (and WebSocket) status codes in your app, using autocompletion for the name without having to remember the integer status codes by heart.
```
